to canada won to holland
kaos
hello very good but we are going to have a
in the 'must' ical the ipad
with the method not something that has taken off with master of the berec me
in web page
already and brit min point with as
as we have advanced in the post in which we explain this this method is
realization of
of the cebit then a hundred because we have an ipad
is he cool ipad one is not an ipad 2 come to demos on another day with an ipad
two
although it is as old as this one
n
we will see
in information
in a cheerful we have
this peace is the a4 world after point 3
alcove I have just done now the restoration
per cent is not through aito a are a clean restoration
and we will proceed to perform it
there is no other page
the behind is over
this restoration
for it we open to paris
in the upper bar
we put the address
of the movement
With
I'm not from there the little screen
to perform
here we have at the beginning of the end
percent in the information in it as access to friends
hayden only puts an end we want to contribute
and how we see changes pakistan
ical tighten it
let's go der sar
you do the process of l'ebre
as if you were downloading an application directly b
in the rest we are going to analyze it we use
there starts this human living mass start screen
because you just finished the restoration
i already have
continues to worsen
in our a eta
vs sets make a blue bar
as we have said code and yes it will download what the application of the
abate this
so you see that the process of its very simple and
you do not have to do it through any epa computer like you did until
they're still in one place
and here's the news
it takes very little wind
we open warm
i configured it for example as a soft
we want peace convinced
and there was only we have then it has to us to the sources the repositories ii
will be the packages that
that we want to have our
without fixity and below you can already see what
they are the pair
with ls 4 when blunt 3
the descendants
1 point 1 points
in this process as a minister or it takes
few seconds
percent and it's very easy
up to now all the people directly when entering as minister pajín up
Paris
in the direction of benito puntocom
you can by certainly pressing the button quoted we have still climbing to
our
in our
you can see
there we have syria
posadas press that you liked this mini tutorial
and see you soon